# uSIM2018_Paper29/analysis

This folder contains the folders and code used for the analysis.

The folders are numbered and this gives the order in which the analysis is done. Some folders contain data files (D)
and some contains the analysis code (C) written as Jupyter notebooks.

The details of the analysis workflow is:

- **01_D-original_gbXML**: this contains a gbXML file which describes a detached house. This is the starting point of the analysis
the remaining steps modify this file, run simuations, and analyse the results.
- **02_C-mod_gbXML_files**: this contains a Jupyter notebook which modifies the original gbXML file. The file is modified by altering
the orientation from 0 to 355 degrees in steps of 5 degrees.
- **03_D-new_gbXML**: this contains the 72 modified gbXML files.
- **04_C-run_energyplus**: this contains a Jupyter notebook which runs an EnergyPlus simulation for each of the 72 gbXML files. The results are saved as an openbuilding.BimGraph object for each simulation run.
- **05_D-energyplus_results**: this contains the raw EnergyPlus simulation results, a .pickle BimGraph file and a .graphml file for each simulation run.
- **06_C-energyplus_analysis**: this contains a Jupyter notebook which analyses the EnergyPlus results and creates the 2 figures used in the paper.
- **FIGURE_bim_gephi**: this contains a figure generated by the Gephi software of the graph structure of a BimGraph file. This figure is used in the paper.
- **openbuilding**: This contains a prototype Python package called 'openbuilding'. This package is used by the Jupyter notebooks in the analysis for the paper. 

